conclude in Haste, with friendly Regards to your Family, very
affectionately yours,



TO JAMES WARREN.

[MS., Samuel Adams Papers, Lenox Library.]

PHILADA Augt 12 1777

MY DEAR SIR

The inclosd is an attested Copy of Genl Schuylers Letter to the
President of the Congress. It needs no Comment. How far the
Massachusetts state deserves the Strictures therein made, you can
tell. I send it to you for the Perusal of the Members of your
Honbl House. If they have sent into the Army, Boys Negroes & Men
too aged to be fit for any Service they will lay their Hands upon
their Mouths. If not, I hope some decent but keen Pen will
vindicate them from that & other Aspersions. This, like all his
other Letters, is written in such a desponding Stile, that it is
no Wonder if Soldiers decline fighting under him, though they may
be under no Apprehension of Treachery. But he has by this time
receivd his Quietus, at least till he can give a good Account of
his Conduct. Gates has gone to take the Command, and our Affairs
in that Ouarter, I dare say will soon wear another Face.

The Enemies Fleet have been again seen 200 sail off Sinipunxint
15 Leagues South of the Capes of Delaware. I think I have now a
just Demand upon you for a Letter. I shall be disappointed if I
do not receive one by the next Post. Adieu my Friend.



TO WILLIAM HEATH.1

[MS., Library of Massachusetts Historical Society; the text has
recently been printed in Collections of Massachusetts Historical
Society, 7th ser., vol. iv., p. 140.]

PHILADE Augt 13th 1777

MY DEAR SIR,

The Surrender of Tyconderoga has deeply wounded our Cause. The
Grounds of it must be thoroughly inquired into. The People at
large have a Right to demand it. They do demand it and Congress

